# hello-world
README FILE
Hello fellow peers. I'm CodeHardTruth. I am an avid fan of the future and an optimist of the present. 
I find pleasure in the pursuit of pushing the potential of what we people percieve (to this point), or predict can be possible.
I'm a passionate proponent in the propagation of positivity and promote the importance of lifes "Golden Rule".
Pessimism is the product of impatience, paranoia, poor experiences, oppression of information, misguidance, malpractice, etc.
Opportunity is the product of optimism.
I am a "Silicon Valley" native since birth (1986). 
I am a proud father of a very special little girl, whom I wish I could give the world to. 
Great parenting should be a primally programmed feature, practically operating through autonomy. The tricky part is when the parents seperate and the plethora of conundrums that presnts in the areas of support on many levels.
The above is the existencial predicament I have been put up against, and is a challenge I plan to meet with the help of entrepenuership and the exploration of pragmatic solutions possible through the space of technology.
I aspire to become part of the developer community within Silicon Valley, or elsewhere. The potential is promising, growth is exponential, pay is desirable, and the people, and experience is priceless.
This is what excites, and inspires me most. The opportunity to contribute to important life changing technologies and provide the pioneering in a more posititive tomorrow is in itself the idea of a utopic being.
I am an advocate for cryptology. I find the implementaion and applications os blockchain technology to be exceptionally compelling, also completely neccessary in the course of creating credible security measures in conjunction with todays accelerated integration andadoption in the "Internet of all things"(IOAT) society being rolled out, steamrolling the antiquated safeguarded standards of yesterday.
I like to think of myself as a fair & free soul. I'm diligent by default and motivated by mystery. I'm fun loving, love living, and for the most part, try to live laughing while learning. I like to engage with eclectic, energetic, excited individuals who are explorers themselves in the many facets of life the phenominon, and its enimatic make up.
I live to create.
Seriously though. While we're here, we all should be spending our valuable time on creating our contributions to help facilitate a fascinating future for future civilizations. Beside its dire usefulness, and importance, It's a whole lot of fun!
My hobbies include (but certainly are not limited to): Being artistic through any medium/material im provided, in the mood for, or is mandatory to express the meaning of the message to its interpreter.
I vibe off of good music, also I ammuse portions of my leisure time by trying my hand at dabbling in the form of electronic music production through a suite of software progams which I find immensely rewarding, and instantly gratifying.
Nothing (and repeated), can compare to the  pure peace, beauty, and love that warms and takesover my soul as seeing my daughter laugh and making her smile. Her mother kind of took alot of that away from me since they moved to Sacramento just before the whole pandemic occured, and honestly it has proved itself to be a be hamper on our relationship and terrifies me as I can already feel a bit of a disconnect in how it once was. She is 13 years old now and can choose to live with me if she wants, but I struggled paying for my apatment here in the "Bay Area", I had to give it up and was reduced in resorting to renting out an accessory dwelling unit behind a friend of a friends' rented single family home. I was working in the restaraunt industry as a corporate trainer for a restaraunt in the "Santana Row" shopping center, while attending school, but unfortunatley that too would succumb to the "Rona" as some call it. I liken it to the Harry Potter series of novels, where the antagonist is referenced as "He who shall not be named", lol. It's been a long ride on the struggle bus of survival really since. I've tried to create a silver lining where there were none clearly present. I took what little equity I could spare and tossed it into the stock market via a retail investing platform which operates using their mobile appliction. The rest I put towards learning the fundamentals of programming languages through a collection of apps I discovered in the app store as well. At this point I think someone in my position kinda just has to throw all they can at it and pray that eventually something will have to "give". I remain optimistically hopeful that I, the "protagonist" in this story will somehow (although uncertain as to how at thiis point in particular) will prevail. Placing me, returned to the path as a proud, productive parent with the potential to provide myself and my daughter a place of happiness, pride and a piece of minnd. This I truly believe, is within the realms of possibility for what I hope to provide for the world. Its what I've determined, what I have commited to, and am descerned to become. A great dad, and a great developer.
"Identifying all of the obsolete components in a system is a fundamentaly critical protocol. It's the only way in finding optimal solutions for their improvement/ replacement. Superiority comes in achieving the absolute best performance possible by experimenting with all that was probable. This standard should always serve as the forefront of innovtaion, and needs always to be the focal point when weaving fibers in the fabric of solutions for the future."- CodeHardTruth 2021.
